well howdy there Internet people it's
bug on so today we are going to talk
about red triangles and white roses
their meaning meeting people where
they're at if you don't know the
campaign of the President of the United
States ran 88 Facebook ads specific
number featuring a very specific red
triangle that was used to identify his
opposition those opposed to the Trump
administration the first sentence of
these posts if you count up the words
you're going to get a specific number
and that's also a pretty specific number
with some meaning to a certain group of
people history buffs we know this we
look at this and we're outraged we're
out-ragged
because that red triangle well it was
reserved for certain kinds of people in
history in Germany those who spoke out
against that administration those who
rescued Jews that's who got the honor of
wearing one of those and that's how
Trump wants to identify his enemies his
opposition
yeah you can be outraged but it's not
gonna do any good anybody who has not
recognized what the president is by this
point in the game they're not going to
pointing out that he's a racist is not
gonna matter they know he's a racist
that's not news pointing out that he is
very overtly trying to draw lineage from
one of the most notorious figures of the
20th century isn't gonna matter you know
when people speak positively about this
channel in the way I structure arguments
they say that you know I try to meet
people where they're at rather than
where I want them to be and I structure
the argument so hopefully it will
resonate on one of several levels
address the practical the moral you know
and go through it
I always feel guilty because I ripped
all of that off I stole it right up just
highway robbery all right took it from
one of my heroes a woman named sophie
scholl and her crew the White Rose
Society who incidentally would have been
a group who had the honor of wearing one
of those triangles see well we have to
remember about that German regime that
short little German dude with the
mustache is that even at the end of the
war he still had supporters still had
people who wanted to quote be good
Germans
that's what Trump wants he wants that
undying loyalty we see it all the time
but see there's a big difference between
that German guy and Trump
and as much as Trump wants to draw his
lineage from him you know there's a
there's a big difference that can be
exploited see that German dude he was
effective at delivering on his promises
Trump's knocked Trump's a failure wanted
to make America great again the
country's on fire
well it's gonna all go away it'll be
like a miracle we're entering the second
wave the economy is gonna be fantastic
yeah yes not and we need to remember to
point out that the recession started
before the lock downs the man can't even
build a fence my 14 year old can build a
fence can't even handle it a simple
construction project he's a loser he's
always been a loser and he's always
going to be a loser see his remaining
supporters they're never going to catch
the subtle dog whistles in the sense of
being able to recognize them for what
they are they're never going to see him
as as that parallel they're never going
to recognize what he wants to be they're
not going to ever take the time to
research and realize that he has checked
off all 14 of the characteristics
they're never gonna see that because
they don't want to and because he
specifically chose those supporters I
love uneducated voters of course he does
they're the only ones that won't see
throw in they care about winning they
don't care that he's races they know
he's a racist that appeals to them they
don't care about what good he does for
them they care about how much he hurts
those he doesn't like we have to point
out that he's a loser over and over and
over again because those that haven't
woken up to what he wants to be yet
they're not going to we have to meet
them where they're at we need to be like
Sophie and meet him where they're at
yeah you can be outraged I am it's
upsetting but that's not the story the
story is that he tried to do a dog
whistle and got caught
Facebook removed the ads once again he's
a loser
he can't even racist right that needs to
be the point bigots hammered home
because those who don't don't recognize
him for what he is now they're not going
to even at the end of the war the German
guy had supporters we've got to remember
that we have to meet them where they're
at address them in terms they will
understand fine we can't meet him on the
moral level let's hit it on the
practical level he's a failure and he'll
always be a failure
he doesn't have supportive military he's
not good at defending the Second
Amendment all of the things that they
say they care about
he's an utter failure at he's a loser
and he'll always be a loser
anyway be like Sophie it's just a
thought y'all have a good night